Hi welcome back my students in this lecture here I'm going to show you how to keep track of the views
that each of your posts is getting.
All right.
So we're going to be able to keep track of that by doing so and ask you all statements.
Now some of you already figure out a way of doing this some of you have not.
And I'm doing this because somebody requested this and I figure it was a good idea to do so I'm going
to show you a way of doing it.
Even though there are many different ways you could actually do it right.
It's just going to give you more knowledge on what to do and how to be more creative.
And and you know how to actually make it better.
All right.
Make everything better.
So the first thing that we need to actually do is create a column inside our database.
All right our table.
So let's go to our table.
Let's go to puls All right.
And it is going to structure and right after poll status or whatever you got on the last column here
just create another column and just call it polls.
I don't know whatever you want to call it for you.
I'm going to call it pulls you accounts or post views count.
I'm going to set it to an integer of 11 there.
All right so now we're done with that.
The next step is open your posts that PH BE IN HERE.
One thing that I won't actually do here just to make this a little better.
I got to take this curly brackets that close to this set right here and you're going to take it out
of here.
Command and control it depending on the operating system you are going all the way down and put it together
where this ends right here.
Right.
And what I'm going to do is that we don't want to receive anybody here that is not support that doesn't
have a port ID right.
So we'll create a statement here and just redirect whoever comes here to the end if they don't have
a false ID.
All right that's what this little piece of code is going to do.
All right.
And of course we're not going to ask you anything unless we have a pulse ID.
Right.
So that's a very good thing to do.
Make sure that you wrap everything around this if set anyway.
So the next step is what we want to do and I already wrote this code and I'm just going to copy paste
it here and splain it to you.
We're creating another day a statement and we are updating the polls view counts and I think you actually
put another name on it.
I think I put a nest right here supposed views count within a set.
So we're going to set this post view counts to the simple counts plus one.
Right.
So basically what this is going to do is actually increment this column here every time we execute the
code.
Every time we find this right every time we have an idea every time we visit or visit the page or anything
and we get to increment that where the post ID equals a post ID of course because we want to do it specifically
for this for this specific post right then we'll send them the information with the query and we can
even do a check just to make sure that everything is working right.
We could just go ahead and do a check right here make sure that this query works right.
And then we'll come here we'll check that column right now and we see that everything is zero right
now.
So we're going to try first post with the 64 act and that's the first one in my side.
All right so let's go to this visit that's the I'm sorry about that.
Let's go to local host for a slushy mess.
In my case.
OK.
I went to 65 by mistake.
All right let's check on that.
And let's refresh and see here that incremented to one.
So let's go ahead and try a couple more times.
Let's try some other polls are going to try.
Sixty four.
I'm going to refresh for a couple of times a couple of times a couple of times and then I go back I'm
going to try both 67 and a fresh one time and that's it.
Now I'm going to come here refresh and I'm going to go and show you what happened.
So here you could see that I visited that four times four times one time and twice here.
All right.
So he's working he's incrementing.
Now one thing that I want to warn you about is that you also might want to build functionality.
We can do it right now but I'm going to show you how to display this first.
And you should know how to do that.
But one of my one to Bill of functionality here in the edit polls so that well you can just set that
count every time.
Basically you build a function where you can just click a button and died and you were reset that specific
column in that specific table.
Right now I want to use display here just because because it looks nice.
So let's go to you on the score all polls and let's go to where we are using this table headings this
table right here right.
We're going to pull that specific let's put that aside.
When I pull that specific column pause views count.
If you don't spell it correctly of course it's not going to work.
Know right because we are referring to the column right.
So let's just play this down here by doing another ekal.
All right.
So see the face that variable and A.D again to close it I just pull my curly brackets around the like
it differentiates the variable from the string right from the extreme elements.
We'll come here refresh and we have an arrow you see that.
That's because I enclose it here semi-colon.
There we go.
All right so now we see everything is zero here.
But if we go all the way down you see the post count right here are 1 and 4 right.
So that's an easy way of actually keeping track of whatever polls he's getting visiter on.
If you put this on line or something.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
And we might Bill another function where we can delete it and make a bun right.
And just like I was telling you right here to delete if you want to take that as a challenge go ahead
and try to do that.
All right.
I think it's going to be pretty fun to do.
Take care and I'll see you in the next lecture.